README.md, before:

Conan package recipe for [pybind11](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11). 
It should support any version, via an option.

[![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/conan.io-pybind11%2Fany-green.svg?logo=data:image/png;base64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAA4AAAAOCAMAAAAolt3jAAAA1VBMVEUAAABhlctjlstkl8tlmMtlmMxlmcxmmcxnmsxpnMxpnM1qnc1sn85voM91oM11oc1xotB2oc56pNF6pNJ2ptJ8ptJ8ptN9ptN8p9N5qNJ9p9N9p9R8qtOBqdSAqtOAqtR%2BrNSCrNJ/rdWDrNWCsNWCsNaJs9eLs9iRvNuVvdyVv9yXwd2Zwt6axN6dxt%2Bfx%2BChyeGiyuGjyuCjyuGly%2BGlzOKmzOGozuKoz%2BKqz%2BOq0OOv1OWw1OWw1eWx1eWy1uay1%2Baz1%2Baz1%2Bez2Oe02Oe12ee22ujUGwH3AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAAFiS0dEAIgFHUgAAAAJcEhZcwAACxMAAAsTAQCanBgAAAAHdElNRQfgBQkREyOxFIh/AAAAiklEQVQI12NgAAMbOwY4sLZ2NtQ1coVKWNvoc/Eq8XDr2wB5Ig62ekza9vaOqpK2TpoMzOxaFtwqZua2Bm4makIM7OzMAjoaCqYuxooSUqJALjs7o4yVpbowvzSUy87KqSwmxQfnsrPISyFzWeWAXCkpMaBVIC4bmCsOdgiUKwh3JojLgAQ4ZCE0AMm2D29tZwe6AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)](http://www.conan.io/source/pybind11/any/memsharded/stable)


```
[requires]
pybind11/any@memsharded/stable

[generators]
cmake

[options]
pybind11:version=1.8.1
```

Or you can skip the [options] and specify it in the command line

```bash
$ conan install -o pybind:version=1.8.1
```

Commit message:

Added image and updated readme, conanfile & License

README.md, after:

# conan-pybind11

![pybind11 image](/images/conan-pybind11.png)

[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/conan-community/conan/pybind11%3Aconan/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/conan-community/conan/pybind11%3Aconan/_latestVersion)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/conan-community/conan-pybind11.svg?branch=release%2F2.2.2)](https://travis-ci.org/conan-community/conan-pybind11)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jyeh443gn0l0f3bi/branch/release/2.2.2?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/memsharded/conan-pybind11/branch/release/2.2.2)

[Conan.io](https://conan.io) package recipe for [pybind11](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11) project.

The packages generated with this **conanfile** can be found in [Bintray](https://bintray.com/conan-community/conan/pybind11%3Aconan).

## For Users: Use this package

### Basic setup

    $ conan install pybind11/2.2.2@conan/stable

### Project setup

If you handle multiple dependencies in your project is better to add a *conanfile.txt*

    [requires]
    pybind11/2.2.2@conan/stable

    [generators]
    cmake

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)
